In this lecture, I'll be talking about a Kubernetes set up.
I will first talk about different ways of setting up Kubernetes.
Then, I'll show you how to set it up locally and on the AWS. Kubernetes should really be able to run anywhere.
But, there are more integrations for certain cloud providers like AWS and Google Cloud.
Things like volumes and external appliances, work only with support cloud platforms.
So, if the integration for your cloud platform is not available, then you can still use Kubernetes,
but you will not be able to use volumes and external Load Balancers. For AWS and Google Cloud, this is available also for Azure.
This is available, so for the main providers, this is already available.
Other providers have different types of support.
You'll have to take a look in the documentation and the cloud provider plugins to see which ones are supported.
I will first use "minikube" to quickly spin up a local machine with a Kubernetes cluster.
You can use minikube on your laptop or your desktop to spin up a Kubernetes cluster.
And will then show you how to spin up a cluster on Amazon  using Kops. Kops is a tool that can be used to spin
up a highly available production cluster. Doing the labs yourself is possible and highly recommend.
Using the AWS Free tier, wheatear which gives you 750 hours of t2.micro's per month,
it's not just one t2.micro, it's 750 hours per month.
So, you can run multiple t2.micro's as long as you don't exceed the number of 750 hours per month.
The URL to sign up is "http://aws.amazon.com".
You can do the same labs using your local machine, you will not be able to test integrations with a cloud,
but you can still use Kubernetes, you can use minikube from this URL.
You can find these URL in the procedure documents
from the beginning of the course, or if you want to can use DigitalOcean, and you can use this URL
to get a $10 coupon.